Create SECURITY.md (#2513)
galaxy119/EXILED: SECURITY.md

# ❗EXILED Security Reporting❗

> Thanks for your intrest in helping EXILED stay secure for all developers & server operators. If you found a security vulnerability, you can make a report [here!](https://github.com/Exiled-Team/EXILED/security/advisories/new)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for your interest in helping EXILED stay secure for all developers & server operators. If you have found a security vulnerability, you can make a report [here!](https://github.com/Exiled-Team/EXILED/security/advisories/new)
```

> NOTE: Your reports are confidential and are only seen by repository maintainers. Once a report has been completed, it will be visible for all to see.

Once your report has been made, a maintainer may ask for more information or allow you to seek progress reports on patching the reported vulnerability. Please be serious in your reports, this helps the maintainers keep reports clean, understandable, and concise.

## 📓 Notes

> If a report is regarded as "severe", a public announcment may be made to make developers & operators aware of an exploit and give them steps to patch said exploit. This may be in a form of an update or a configuration change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a report is regarded as "severe", a public announcement may be made to make developers & operators aware of an exploit and give them steps to patch said exploit. This may be in a form of an update or a configuration change.
```
